layers/+lang/haskell/README.md, before:

# Haskell Layer

## Table of contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Install](#install)

  - [Binaries](#binaries)
  - [Completion](#completion)
  - [Checkers](#checkers)

- [Key Bindings](#key-bindings)

## Description

This layer provides support for the Haskell language with the following packages:

- `neovimhaskell/haskell-vim`
- `vmchale/cabal-project-vim`
- `vmchale/ghci-syntax`
- `Twinside/vim-hoogle`
- `mpickering/hlint-refactor-vim`
- `eagletmt/neco-ghc`
- `Shougo/vimproc.vim'`
- `parsonsmatt/intero-neovim`
- `owickstrom/neovim-ghci`
- `eagletmt/ghcmod-vim`

## Install

Add the `+lang/haskell` layer in your configuration file,

```viml
function! Layers()
  " ...
  Layer '+lang/haskell'
  " ...
endfunction
```

By default the backend is set to use `ghc-mod`, but you can change it to `intero` with `SpHaskellBackend 'intero'` in your `UserInit`.

There is also a backend called `both` that will try to enable both backends in a compatible way.

### Binaries

To utilize this layer you need `ghc-mod`, `hlint` and `apply-refact` on your path. This can be done with,

```bash
$ stack install apply-refact ghc-mod hlint
```

### indentation

You can configure the indentation by setting `g:sp_haskell_indentation` in your user-init block (i.e. before loading the plugin). By default it is set to `2`.

### Completion

By default `g:necoghc_enable_detailed_browse` is enabled. It can be disabled by setting `g:sp_necoghc_enable_detailed_browse` to either 1 or 0.

### Checkers

By default `g:neomake_haskell_enabled_makers` is set to use all makers. This can be overwritten by setting the desired makers with `g:sp_neomake_haskell_enabled_makers`.

## Key Bindings

### REPL

With `ghc-mod` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | -------------------------------
SPC s b     | Load current buffer into repl
SPC s S     | Jump to repl
SPC s s     | Open repl
SPC s H     | Hide repl
SPC s r     | Reload the repl
SPC s e     | Evaluate expression in the repl

With `intero` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | -----------------------------
SPC s b     | Load current buffer into repl
SPC s S     | Jump to repl
SPC s s     | Open repl
SPC s H     | Hide repl
SPC s r     | Reload the repl

### Navigation

With `intero` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ----------------
SPC g g     | Go to definition

### Refactor

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ----------------------------------------
SPC m r r   | Apply Hlint refector suggestion at point
SPC m r b   | Apply all Hlint refactor suggestions

Additionally some commands depend on the backend. With `ghc-mod`,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------
SPC m r f   | Split the function case by examining a type's constructors
SPC m r g   | Insert initial code from the given signature
SPC m r e   | You can see the expansion of splices

### Documentation

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ---------------------------------------
SPC m h h   | Start a Hoogle search query
SPC m h H   | Start a Hoogle search query with --info
SPC m h C   | Close Hoogle window

Additionally some commands depend on the backend. With `ghc-mod`,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------
SPC m h t   | Display the type of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h i   | Display the info of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h T   | Insert the type signature of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h c   | Clear ghc-mod type highlights

With `intero`,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------
SPC m h t   | Display the type of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h g   | Display the generic type of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h T   | Insert the type signature of the identifier under the cursor

### Backend

With `ghc-mod` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | -----------------------
SPC i c     | Check file with ghc-mod

With `intero` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ------------------
SPC i d     | Reload intero
SPC i k     | Destroy intero
SPC i r     | Start intero
SPC i t     | Set intero targets

Commit message:

Add LSP layer, fix some errors here and there and polish Haskell layer

layers/+lang/haskell/README.md, after:

# Haskell Layer

## Table of contents

- [Description](#description)
- [Install](#install)

  - [Binaries](#binaries)
  - [Completion](#completion)
  - [Checkers](#checkers)

- [Key Bindings](#key-bindings)

## Description

This layer provides support for the Haskell language with the following packages:

- `neovimhaskell/haskell-vim`
- `vmchale/cabal-project-vim`
- `vmchale/ghci-syntax`
- `Twinside/vim-hoogle`
- `mpickering/hlint-refactor-vim`
- `eagletmt/neco-ghc`
- `Shougo/vimproc.vim'`
- `parsonsmatt/intero-neovim`
- `owickstrom/neovim-ghci`
- `eagletmt/ghcmod-vim`

## Install

Add the `+lang/haskell` layer in your configuration file,

```viml
function! Layers()
  " ...
  Layer '+lang/haskell'
  " ...
endfunction
```

The available backends are:

- `ghc-mod` (default)
- `intero`
- `lsp` (uses HIE underneath, so assumes that installed)
- `both`

You can change it to `intero` etc with `let g:spHaskellBackend 'intero'` in your `UserInit`.

The backend called `both` will try to enable both `intero` and `ghc-mod` in a compatible way.

### Binaries

To utilize this layer you need `ghc-mod`, `hlint` and `apply-refact` on your path. This can be done with,

```bash
$ stack install apply-refact ghc-mod hlint
```

### indentation

You can configure the indentation by setting `g:sp_haskell_indentation` in your user-init block (i.e. before loading the plugin). By default it is set to `2`.

### Completion

By default `g:necoghc_enable_detailed_browse` is enabled. It can be disabled by setting `g:sp_necoghc_enable_detailed_browse` to either 1 or 0.

### Checkers

By default `g:neomake_haskell_enabled_makers` is set to use all makers. This can be overwritten by setting the desired makers with `g:sp_neomake_haskell_enabled_makers`.

## Key Bindings

### REPL

With `ghc-mod` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | -------------------------------
SPC s b     | Load current buffer into repl
SPC s S     | Jump to repl
SPC s s     | Open repl
SPC s H     | Hide repl
SPC s r     | Reload the repl
SPC s e     | Evaluate expression in the repl

With `intero` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | -----------------------------
SPC s b     | Load current buffer into repl
SPC s S     | Jump to repl
SPC s s     | Open repl
SPC s H     | Hide repl
SPC s r     | Reload the repl

### Navigation

With `intero` or `lsp` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ----------------
SPC g g     | Go to definition

### Refactor

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ----------------------------------------
SPC m r r   | Apply Hlint refector suggestion at point
SPC m r b   | Apply all Hlint refactor suggestions

Additionally some commands depend on the backend. With `ghc-mod`,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------
SPC m r f   | Split the function case by examining a type's constructors
SPC m r g   | Insert initial code from the given signature
SPC m r e   | You can see the expansion of splices

Additionally some commands depend on the backend. With `lsp`,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ----------------------------------------------------------
SPC m r R   | Rename the item under the cursor

### Documentation

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ---------------------------------------
SPC m h h   | Start a Hoogle search query
SPC m h H   | Start a Hoogle search query with --info
SPC m h C   | Close Hoogle window

Additionally some commands depend on the backend. With `ghc-mod`,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------
SPC m h t   | Display the type of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h i   | Display the info of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h T   | Insert the type signature of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h c   | Clear ghc-mod type highlights

With `intero`,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ------------------------------------------------------------
SPC m h t   | Display the type of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h g   | Display the generic type of the identifier under the cursor
SPC m h T   | Insert the type signature of the identifier under the cursor

### Backend

With `ghc-mod` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | -----------------------
SPC i c     | Check file with ghc-mod

With `intero` backend enabled,

Key Binding | Description
----------- | ------------------
SPC i d     | Reload intero
SPC i k     | Destroy intero
SPC i r     | Start intero
SPC i t     | Set intero targets
